[All Hosts] (devx) simplified scripts in project templates (#4923)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing.md

- For add-in projects created using the [Teams Toolkit](/microsoftteams/platform/toolkit/install-teams-toolkit?tabs=vscode), use one of the following options.
  - [Sideload in Visual Studio Code with Teams Toolkit](../develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest.md#sideload-with-the-teams-toolkit)
  - [Sideload in Visual Studio Code with a system prompt, bash shell, or terminal](../develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest.md#sideload-with-a-system-prompt-bash-shell-or-terminal)

> - For add-in projects created using the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](../develop/yeoman-generator-overview.md), in a command prompt, navigate to the root of your project. Then, if there is a "start:desktop" script, run `npm run start:desktop`; otherwise, run `npm run start`. The project builds and a Node dev-server window opens. This process may take a couple of minutes before it opens Outlook desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For add-in projects created using the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](../develop/yeoman-generator-overview.md), in a command prompt, navigate to the root of your project. Then, if there's a "start:desktop" script, run `npm run start:desktop`; otherwise, run `npm run start`. The project builds and a Node dev-server window opens. This process may take a couple of minutes before it opens Outlook desktop.
```
